Careers at Sofar
Sofar Approach
Wayfinder
Spotter Platform
Updates
Support
Get in Touch
Sofar Approach
Wayfinder
Spotter System
Updates
Support
Get in Touch
Join Our Crew
The oceans are our greatest ally in the fight against climate change. They need your help.
View open roles
Our mission is to connect the world's oceans to power a more sustainable future.
Why oceans?
The oceans cover over 70% of the Earth’s surface. They drive our weather, power global trade, and are the backbone of coastal communities worldwide. By connecting the world’s oceans, we empower science, society, and industry to be stewards for the sea, and help make a more sustainable future possible for our planet.
Our story
Listen to Sofar Ocean CEO Tim Janssen tell the story of Sofar on The Sunday Times’ “Danny in the Valley” podcast.
Our values
Oceans First
We have one planet. If we have to choose between more profit or better oceans, we choose the ocean.
Grab an Oar
We pride ourselves on being proactive, taking responsibility, and always making things better.
Team Wins
We can only accomplish this mission together. Respect and help others, always.
Challenge with Heart
Vocal but open to others’ ideas. Listen, discuss, and commit.
Ship for Impact
Build for the mission, be pragmatic, and move fast. Ocean health can’t wait.
View open roles
Where Sofarers come from
Sofar in the news
Company profile highlighting the rapid expansion of our Spotter buoy network and detailing the wide variety of use cases for our devices and data.
An in-depth look at Bristlemouth, our open hardware interface developed in partnership with DARPA.
National coverage of our 2021 Series B, including a deep-dive look at our products and overall approach to collecting ocean data.
Peer-reviewed paper analyzing the assimilation of Spotter buoy data into our operational global wave forecast that demonstrates, “end-to-end improvements in forecast skill of significant wave height of 38%, and up to 45% for other bulk parameters.”
Keynote talk by our Head of Product at AWS re:invent 2021 that provides an overview of Sofar’s mission and products plus an engaging Wayfinder demo
Local news coverage of the NOPP Hurricane Coastal Impacts Project, a collaborative effort with academic and government partners aimed at improving hurricane forecast accuracy.
Benefits
Comprehensive health, vision, dental plan
Community
volunteering program
Home office stipend
Hybrid work schedule
(for most roles)
Flexible time off (including World Oceans Day!)
A strong internal community of ocean-lovers!
View open roles
About
Climate Commitment
Careers
Legal
Press Room
Spotter Login



©
1998
Sofar Ocean
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use