Privacy Policy
Sofar Approach
Wayfinder
Spotter Platform
Updates
Support
Get in Touch
Sofar Approach
Wayfinder
Spotter System
Updates
Support
Get in Touch
LEGAL
LEGAL
Privacy Policy
Sofar Ocean
Sofar Ocean Technologies, Inc.
Last Updated: July 30, 2019
This Privacy Policy describes the information Sofar Ocean Technologies, Inc., how we use and share that information, and the privacy choices we offer.
This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect when you use our website www.sofarocean.com, our mobile applications, and any other online products and services that we currently offer or may offer in the future (collectively, the "Services"), or when you otherwise interact with us. We may change the provisions of this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of this policy. We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you use our Services to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
Information Users Provide to Us
We collect information that you provide to us, such as when you create an account, use the interactive features of our Services, participate in contests, promotions or surveys, request customer support or otherwise communicate with us. The types of information we may collect include:
Basic user information
, such as your name, email address, mobile phone number and organization.
Location information
, when you access or use our mobile application(s), website(s), hardware device(s), or otherwise consent to our collection of this information.
Purchase information,
such as your shipping address and point of contact. Sofar uses a third-party payment processor to process credit card payments for us; if you make a payment through our website, mobile application, or through any other means, Sofar does not receive or store payment information such as your credit card number.
Other information that you provide to us directly or through your interaction with our services
, such as pictures, messages, or other information and content.
Information We Collect Automatically From You
When you access or use our Services, we may also automatically collect information about you, including:
Device Information:
We collect device-specific information when you access our Services, including your hardware model, operating system and version, unique device identifiers, mobile network information and information about the device's interaction with our Services.
Log Information:
 We collect log information about how you access or use our Services, including your access times, time zone, browser type and language.
Information from your Spotter Device:
 We collect location information, including GPS information, from Spotter device(s) owned or operated by you (“Spotter”) when Spotter is turned on and not in idle mode. We may receive this information through Spotter’s remote access features, or when you upload stored data from Spotter’s onboard memory storage to your user account. Sofar may receive location information through Spotter’s remote access features regardless of whether you have this service activated in your user account.
Information from your Trident Device:
We collect certain information from any remotely operated vehicles which are owned or operated by you, such as the Trident or OpenROV 2.8 Kit (collectively, “Trident”). In conjunction with the Trident topside or mobile application control system, this information may include your location information through GPS or internet protocol address, and/or digital videos and still images taken by the Trident device while in operation. We may receive this information automatically through your use of our services, regardless of whether you specifically transmit the information to us.
Information Collected by Cookies and other Tracking Technologies:
 We may automatically collect information using cookies, web beacons (also known as "gifs," "pixel tags" and "tracking pixels") and other tracking technologies to, among other things, improve our Services and your experience, monitor user activity and count visits. Some of our business partners such as our analytics providers may also use cookies as part of the services that they provide for us.  For information about the third party use of cookies in our Services, see the “Analytics Services” section below.
Use of Information
We use information about you for purposes described in this Privacy Policy or otherwise disclosed to you on or in connection with our Services.  For example, we may use information about you to:
Operate and improve our Services;
Create other products or services;
Respond to your comments, questions and requests and provide customer service;
Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with ourServices;
Link or combine with other information we get from third parties to help understand your needs and provide you with better service.
By accessing or using the Services, you consent to the processing and transfer of information in and to the United States and other countries.
Sharing of Information
We do not share personal information about you with third parties except as described below or elsewhere in this Privacy Policy:
With your consent, including if we notify you through our Services that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such information;
With third party vendors, consultants and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out their work for us;
If we believe that disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request; to enforce our agreements and policies; to protect the security or integrity of our Services; or to protect Sofar, our customers or the public from harm or illegal activities.
We may also share aggregated or anonymized information that does not directly identify you.
Social Sharing Features
The Services may offer social sharing features or other integrated tools, which let you share information from our Services with other media, and vice versa.  The use of such features enables the sharing of certain information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the third party that provides the social sharing feature. For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the third parties that provide these social sharing features.
Security
Sofar takes reasonable measures to help protect information about you in an effort to prevent loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
Analytics Services
We may allow third parties to provide analytics services in relation to the use of our Services. These entities may use cookies, web beacons and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Services and other websites, including your IP address and information about your web browser and operating system, pages viewed, time spent on pages, links clicked and conversion information. This information may be used by Sofar and others to, among other things, analyze and track data, and determine the popularity of certain services or features.
Your Information Choices
Account Information:
You may update or correct information about you at any time by logging into your account and editing your profile. To remove your account, send us a request support@sofarocean.com. Please note that even after you remove your account, we may retain certain information as required by law, for legitimate business purposes and to protect member safety.
Location Information:
You have the ability to turn of location-based services by adjusting the settings on your web browser or mobile devices, or powering off your hardware devices. By doing so, however, you may reduce the functionality of our Services.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by visiting
www.sofarocean.com/company/contact-us
‍
About
Climate Commitment
Careers
Legal
Press Room
Spotter Login



©
1998
Sofar Ocean
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use