Return Policy
Sofar Approach
Wayfinder
Spotter Platform
Updates
Support
Get in Touch
Sofar Approach
Wayfinder
Spotter System
Updates
Support
Get in Touch
LEGAL
LEGAL
Return Policy
Sofar Ocean
Your Sofar Products (as defined in the
Terms of Sale
) have been designed to withstand the rigors of the marine and aquatic environment, but there are certain considerations that you should follow to ensure their long term viability and functionality. See the user’s manual for complete information, but some specific considerations are set forth below. Failure to follow these guidelines may lead to damage to your Product and will void your warranty.
- Avoid prolonged exposure to heat, sunlight, or improper storage.
- Do not use your Product with a low a low charge on the battery. Make sure the Product is fully charged before each use.
- Use your Product only in natural or clean fresh or saltwater. Avoid exposure to other fluids such as oil, wastewater, or chemicals.
- Fully rinse your Product with fresh water after each use
- Do not attempt to disassemble, repair, or modify your Product.
- For Sofar’s Trident product(s), do not pull the tether over or through an abrasive or sharp edge.
- For Sofar’s Spotter product(s), ensure the Spotter is moored correctly and in a manner suitable for the environment and conditions.
- Avoid damage caused by accident such as dropping or collision, encounters with wildlife or natural forces (such as crashing waves), or damage during deployment, shipping or transport. These damages will not be covered by warranty. Normal wear and tear from frequent use or damage caused by third party products and attachments will also not be covered under warranty.
For more information, please refer to the
Warranty terms
in our Terms of Sale.
Sofar Return Policy
You may return your Products to us within 45 days of purchase to receive a refund of your original purchase price. Because we incur expenses in building each Product and shipping them to you, we charge a 5% restocking fee of the original purchase price for all returned purchases. Shipping and handling fees, taxes, customs or VAT charges are not refundable. You are responsible for the shipping costs in returning the Products to us and you take responsibility for any loss or damage to the Products while it is in transit.
To be eligible for a return, the Product must be in new condition and can not be physically broken or damaged. Product showing any signs of physical wear or damage are not eligible for a refund, unless otherwise covered by Warranty. All accessories included with your purchase must be included with your return.
To initiate a return, please contact us at support@sofarocean.com for more information. Sofar retains the right to refuse any Products returned without our prior authorization.
If you feel that your Product is broken or defective, please review the Warranty terms in our Terms of Sale and contact us at support@sofarocean.com so that we can assist you further.
About
Climate Commitment
Careers
Legal
Press Room
Spotter Login



©
1998
Sofar Ocean
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use